# Filibuster
`Content is overrated.`

These pages are generated by the synthetic **MaterialCreator**. 'Filibuster.org, together with **goVisionNow!**, are proud to announce a new line of MaterialCreator-based server applications, enabling midsize and large enterprises to establish a presence on internet and intranets, without having to deal with real-world content providers. MaterialCreator is a Linux based client-server **DataCreator** application. Building on the succes of synthetic technology. MaterialCreator is a 3rd generation platform for hermeneutic content generation and e-publishing.

Aha! you're smart. You've figured that Filibuster is a python package for generating simple nonsense BS sentences and paragraphs. During the first dot-com-boom, late 1990's, it had its own site, **filibuster.org**. It would generate nonsense dot-com language and images. I did not want to keep the domain and it was picked up by one of those spam sites. The contents did not seem to change very much. 

![Filibuster
](filibuster_02.jpg)

The code itself is a bit rusty (1999? really?) and the patterns don't always work. I keep thinking I should clean it up and then get distracted. On the other hand, it was a fun thing.

# Usage
The `Blurb` object is the main generator.

```python
w = Blurb()
names = w.getBlurbTypes()
for n in names:
	print w.getBlurb(name)
```
* `getBlurbTypes` returns a list of all definitions.
* `getBlurb` generates the pattern

`test.py` generates a couple of examples for all patterns.

# Filibuster was written and performed by

* Erik van Blokland, Brand Manager, portable conversion
* Jonathan Hoefler, Vice President of broadband synergy
* Rich Roat, Junior Vice President, end-to-end engineering
* Just van Rossum, Senior Director, portable colocation
* Petr van Blokland, Assistant Vice President, broadband mindshare

# Disclaimer

* Like all creative writers, Filibuster sometimes gets into a mood and gets stuck. This is understandable. Just so you're warned. It can get stuck for reals.
* There are some buggy patterns that leave unresolved tags in the text, sorry about that.
* This package just generates the text. There might be some html entities in there, it does not generate entire sites.
* These pages are generated by the **Hermeneutic MaterialCreator**. 'Filibuster.org, together with goNetworking.com, are proud to announce a new line of MaterialCreator-based server applications, enabling midsize and large enterprises to establish a presence on internet and intranets, without having to deal with real-world content providers MaterialCreator is a Linux based client-server ContentInterpreter application. Building on the succes of hermeneutic technology, MaterialCreator is a component-based platform for algorithmic content generation and e-publishing.

# Support
* If you're experiencing trouble with Filibuster, do not hesitate to get in touch at
* OCampbell212@SunCom.com
* StuartS@Vision.EquiNews.com
* comet@info.HyperVision.com